Hello everyone! We have a final lesson in the introductory section. Now we will talk in more detail
about what our course consists of and how best to take it. Now we are at the fourth
lesson of the introductory section, after which we move on to section 2, in which we will talk
about the basics of C ++ in the Unreal Engine and the architecture of the engine. All the code for this section is located in
the GeometrySandbox repository, which we downloaded in the previous lesson. If you are familiar with the
main types of Unreal Engine, logging, the concept of UPROPERTY, UFUNCTION, delegates,
UENUM, USTRUCTURE, then you can safely skip this section. But even if you know all this, it
will be useful to watch the last two lectures on UnrealBuildTool and the garbage collector.
All the chapters that follow will relate to our main course project, ShootThemUp. We also got
access to this repository in the previous lesson. All sections are grouped by topic: animations, user
interface, special effects, artificial intelligence, sound, and so on. The game project is gradually
developing with each section, so I recommend not jumping from section to section, but watching
them sequentially. Almost every section has a homework lesson. It can be identified by the
title of the title. At the beginning of this type of lesson, I explain what needs to be done and give brief
directions on how to do it better. After that, you need to pause the video and do the task.
After that, you can continue to watch the video and check the result.
Some lecture titles contain English words. It is not possible to translate some terms into Russian
. Hope this doesn't confuse you too much. At the end of each section there will be a
special lesson in which we will build the game and do a little refactoring of the code
that we wrote in this section. This will allow us to significantly improve the quality of the code,
quickly find errors, if any, and after each section have a compiled version of the game.
There will also be a small test at the end of each section to check the digestibility of the material.
Also, if you think that I am speaking too slowly, you can increase
the playback speed in the player . With a speed increase of 1.25 or 1.5 times, in general,
listening is quite comfortable, so you can choose the most optimal option for yourself.
For all sections, where necessary, additional links will be attached to the documentation,
or to some articles in Wikipedia. I recommend browsing the links to the documentation.
There is a lot of additional information on these pages
that can be useful both for understanding and for improving the level of your competencies.
For this tutorial, I'll include a link to the Unreal Engine documentation root.
And as a bonus to our course, I created my own wiki. The link will also be in the resources of the lesson.
Here you can find all the necessary information, all the links that will be useful when taking the course.
There is a glossary on the wiki. This is a glossary of all the terms that will be used in the course.
The dictionary is divided into several categories.
I recommend skimming through all the concepts before starting the course. In fact,
there are not so many of them, and then, as you watch the course, return to the dictionary as needed.
And additionally there are hotkey sections for the Unreal Editor and for Visual Studio.
And also a list of console commands with descriptions that we will use in our tutorials.
If something is not clear or any difficulties arise,
you can ask your question in a special section of the course called "Questions and Answers".
This concludes the introductory section. We are starting the main part of the course and I wish everyone the best of luck!